Update changelog for the 0.9.0-rc1 release (#1248)
exonum/exonum-java-binding: exonum-java-binding/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.9.0-rc1] - 2019-TBD

### Overview

> The main feature of this release is support for dynamic services, i.e. services that can be added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main feature of this release is support for dynamic services. Dynamic services can be added
```

> to the blockchain network after it has been started; and multiple instances of the same service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the blockchain network after it has been started. Since this release EJB also supports multiple instances of the same service.
```

`TestKit` integration tests format is updated accordingly, see
[documentation][testkit-documentation] on more details and examples.

> `TransactionMessage` format was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TransactionMessage` format is updated.
```

The default `ProofMapIndexProxy` implementation has been changed to hash user keys to produce an

> internal key. The implementation that does not hashes the keys (and uses them as internal keys)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internal key. The implementation that does not hash the keys
```

is still supported, see [documentation][proof-map-non-hashing].

> Proofs are temporarily disabled. Creating proofs is not supported in this release. They will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating proofs is not supported in this release. They will be
```

re-enabled in one of the following releases.

> This release is based on Exonum 0.12.1.

Reviewer 2: 0.13? I'd leave as TBD for the moment

*If you are upgrading an existing Java service, consult
the [migration guide](https://github.com/exonum/exonum-java-binding/blob/ejb/v0.9.0-rc1/exonum-java-binding/doc/Migration_guide_0.9.md).*

[proof-map-non-hashing]: https://exonum.com/doc/api/java-binding/0.9.0-rc1/com/exonum/binding/core/storage/indices/ProofMapIndexProxy.html#key-hashing
[testkit-documentation]: https://exonum.com/doc/version/0.12/get-started/java-binding/#testing

### Added
- `TestKit` support for dynamic services. (#1145)

> - Support for flat list proofs, the new compact proof format for `ProofList`. (#1156)

Reviewer 3: \+ It is package-private for now.

Author: `Not introduced to 'ProofListIndexProxy' for now.`?

> - `serviceName` and `serviceId` were added to `TransactionContext`. They might be used for creating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `serviceName` and `serviceId` were added to `TransactionContext`. They are used for creating
```

  schemas with unique namespaces. (#1181)

### Changed

> - Support the new, protobuf-based, `TransactionMessage` format. (#1085)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for the new protobuf-based `TransactionMessage` format is provided. (#1085)
```

- `TransactionResult` is replaced with `ExecutionStatus`. (#1174)

> - `MapProof` to enforce 32-byte long hash codes. (#1191)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MapProof` enforces 32-byte long hash codes. (#1191)
```

### Removed

> - Replaced `Blockchain#getActualConfiguration` with `Blockchain#getConsensusConfiguration`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Blockchain#getActualConfiguration` has been replaced with `Blockchain#getConsensusConfiguration`
```

  returning only the consensus configuration (now also containing the validator public keys)

>   as a protobuf message. (#1185)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  as a Protobuf message. (#1185)
```

> - `Transaction#info` method is removed as it is no longed used by the framework. (#1225)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Transaction#info` method is removed as it is no longer used by the framework. (#1225)
```
